 



%! Target:
%! Options: --toc --encoding=iso-8859-1
%! Style: tech.css
%! PreProc:
%! PostProc(html): \^\^(.*?)\^\^  <sup>\1</sup>



---------------------------------------------------------------------------
=== Current Researchers ===


==== Post-doctoral Researchers ====
- [Huaijin Wang https://whj0401.github.io/]
- [Haohuang Wen https://onehouwong.github.io/]



==== PhD Students ====
- [Allen Yuqing Yang https://frostwing98.com/]
- [Chao Wang https://chaowang.dev/]
- [Chuyang Chen https://info.cychen.xyz/]
- [Chris Ellis https://www.linkedin.com/in/christopher-ellis]
- [Jintao Huang https://jintao-h.github.io/]
- [Jun Yeon  Won https://engineering.osu.edu/people/won.126]
- [Linxi Jiang https://engineering.osu.edu/people/jiang.3002]
- [Melih Sirlanci https://engineering.osu.edu/people/sirlanci.2] (co-advised with [Dr. Carter Yagemann https://carteryagemann.com/])
- [Md Sakib Anwar https://mdsakibanwar.github.io/] (co-advised with [Dr. Carter Yagemann https://carteryagemann.com/])
- [Shixuan Zhao https://nskernel.org/]



==== MS Students ====
- Hyunwoo Lee



==== Undergraduate Students ====
- Alvin Huang
- Aysha Chaudhry 
- Stephen Hu
- Henry Zhou
- Jonathan Goshima





---------------------------------------------------------------------------
=== Alumni ===
==== PhD Students and PostDoc ====
- [Wenqiang Li https://thesilentdawn.github.io/] (PostDoc, Associate Research at Zhongguancun Lab)
- [Mohit Jangid https://engineering.osu.edu/people/jangid.6] (PhD 2024, TBD)
- [Xin Jin https://xinjin95.github.io/] (PhD 2024, Meta)
- [Mengya Zhang https://miazmy1221.github.io/] (PhD 2024, Meta)
- [Yue Zhang https://yue.zyueinfosec.com/] (PostDoc, Assistant Professor at Drexel University)
- [Qingchuan Zhao https://bruceqczhao.github.io/] (PhD 2021, Assistant Professor at City University of Hong Kong)
- [Sanchuan Chen https://schuan.github.io/] (PhD 2021, co-advised with [Dr. Yinqian Zhang http://yinqian.org/], Assistant Professor at Auburn University)
- Wubing Wang (PhD 2021, co-advised with [Dr. Yinqian Zhang http://yinqian.org/], first employment TBA)
- Chaoshun Zuo (PhD 2020, first employment Senior Security Software Engineer at Block Inc.)
- Raul Quinonez (PhD 2020, co-advised with [Dr. Alvaro Cardenas http://www.utdallas.edu/~alvaro.cardenas/], CoreLogic)
- Erick Bauman (PhD 2019, co-adviser [Dr. Kevin Hamlen https://www.utdallas.edu/~hamlen/], Post-doctoral Researcher at UT Dallas)
- Huibo Wang (PhD 2019, co-adviser [Dr. Bhavani Thuraisingham https://www.utdallas.edu/~bhavani.thuraisingham/], Baidu X-lab USA)
- Swarup Chandra (PhD 2018, co-adviser [Dr. Latifur Khan https://www.utdallas.edu/~lkhan/], HP Lab)
- Vishal Karande  (PhD 2018, co-adviser [Dr. Latifur Khan https://www.utdallas.edu/~lkhan/], Google)
- Yangchun Fu (PhD 2016, Google)
- Yufei Gu (PhD 2016, CloudEra)
- Junyuan Zeng (PhD 2015, linkedin)



==== MS Students ====
- Wenzhuo Wang (MS 2024, TRC)
- John Kim (MS 2023, Google)
- Yifan Yao (MS 2023)
- Brian Schieb (MS 2016, Sandia National Lab)
- Joshua Hammond (MS 2014, Idaho National Laboratory)
- Kenneth Miller (MS 2014, DoD)
- Daniel Waymel (MS 2014, State Farm)
- Alireza Saberi (Academic visitor during spring 2013, Microsoft)
- David B Sounthiraraj (MS 2013,  Cisco)
- Scott Hand (MS 2013,  DoD)
- Mathew Stephen (MS 2012, Center for Internet Security)
- Kevin Hulin (MS 2012, Sandia National Lab)
- Camron Quituga (MS 2012, DoD)
- Mitchell Adair (MS 2012, Raytheon)



==== Undergraduate Students ====
- Ronald Eytchison (Undergraduate, 2023)
- Andrew Haberlandt (PhD Student at CMU, 2022)
- Noah Kritz (Undergraduate, 2019)
- Lauren Murphy (Undergraduate, 2017)
- Devin Wiley (Undergraduate, 2015, first place winner of Undergraduate Research Expo at UT Dallas)
- Tristan Duckworth (Undergradaute, 2014)
- Garrett Greenwood (Undergraduate, 2013)



==== High School Students ====
- Andrew Wu (High School, 2017)
- Jesse Zou (High School, 2017)
- Jason Lu (High School, 2016)
- Caleb Burnett (High School, 2014)





%!include: ''iff.js''

---------------------------------------------------------------------------
[HOME index.html]

